soul is decorating the hotel where
works with vases full of
still life she needs to fill
each vase with a fifth with a fifth
from a bag full of still life
if soul has four bags four
still life bags how many
hotel rooms are going to have vases
full of still life ok
essentially what we have
they are four whole bags of nature
dead and each of those four bags
that I'm going to put right here we have them
to divide we have to divide
between the total amount that we're going to
occupy for a vase that is a fifth
for every fifth of the bag we're going to
fill the vase then to four what
I'm going to divide by a fifth so
imagine that here I have one of these
bags we are going to take it and here I have a
of these bags I'm going to put you right by
here this bag if you realize it is already
divided into five parts let's
count them
and one part one here two parts three
parts four parts and five parts is
say that if we want to fill
the vases with a fifth of the bag
we can fill five vases with this
bag full of still life because
each vase would have a fifth
of the contents of this bag ok this is
what happens if we look at one of the
bags but if we have two
and this I have another plus three and this
I have another one to four bags then
note that for each of them
for each of them five will come out
five vases of this five of this
five of this and five of this is to say
which in total we will be the same as
four bags that four bags
multiplied multiplied by the
reciprocal of a fifth that is five
about a good we know that 5
about 1 is exactly the same this is
the same as having 4 this 4x we have
four bags multiplied by 5 by 5
that is going to be the amount of vases
totals that will come out of each of
the bags and we also know
that 4 times 5 is the same as 20 so
we can say that 20 are the
vases that we will fill in total or
in other words 20 will be the
hotel rooms that are going to have vase
full of still life because of
each bag will come out 5 vases now
this is a review of a video review of
division of fractions because if you give yourself
account in that video we said that when
we have a whole number and what
we divide between a fraction is the same
to have that whole number and
multiply it by the reciprocal of this
fraction and remember that the reciprocal of
a fifth is to pass the 5 up the 1
down and then we saw that
divide between a fraction is
exactly the same as multiplying by
its reciprocal and good in this case
we can conclude that we have 20 rooms
of hotel with vases full of
still life